Measurable goal:
Our dream for the application is to make it accessible to as many people as possible. However, we must admit that the beginnings of our project will be difficult, and a small number of users may discourage others from using it. But simply having the application will already start to help us, as others will have access to a larger pool of people. However, we firmly believe that we will be able to implement the application smoothly at our school and reach the first few hundred users. Later, when our colleagues see the multifunctionality of the application, they will be able to recommend it to their friends. In this way, we plan to spread our project (which will have a difficult start) and achieve success. Our school's IB department (to which we belong) has about 100 students, and the Polish department has about 200. Taking into account all the difficulties in convincing everyone to install our application, we are counting on several hundred to even several thousand users by the end of Zwolnieni z Teorii.

Action plan:
We began the project development process by gathering knowledge from people who create applications on a daily basis. After two meetings and familiarising ourselves with the environment in which we will be writing our application, namely ‘flutter’ and ‘node.js’. We are currently in the process of writing the application, as we do not want to waste the precious time we have. We do not anticipate failure in the application development process, as we are optimistic, highly motivated, and have access to professionals who want to help us. After writing the front-end and server-side applications, we will move on to the most difficult stage of our project, which is promoting our application. Our initial goal is to implement it in our school, so that the application can later spread through recommendations from friends. 

External communication:
In order to implement our project as effectively as possible, we immediately sought help from Miłosz's father, who, together with his colleague, has been working in IT for over 20 years. Thanks to their help, we know how to make the best use of our time for the most effective tasks, instead of groping in the dark. It also allowed us to confront our idea with a slightly older generation, who, by presenting the matter from a different perspective, enabled us to reflect on and improve the project. 

Project outline:
Our project involves creating an application (‘SeeU’) that will allow users to communicate with others by writing a simple message, either anonymously or not. Most of us probably use Snapchat, and one of its features is Snap Map, which allows us to see who is in our area. However, this only works for people we know, and there is currently no application that would allow us to send messages to our immediate surroundings without having to reveal who we are. The application is designed to create an opportunity for people who are shy, withdrawn, embarrassed, or simply do not feel comfortable in live conversation to reach out to others, where previously, due to a lack of self-confidence, they had to remain silent and sink deeper into their problems. To immediately dispel any doubts about problems related to the misuse of our application. The person to whom the message was written will have the immediate option to report or block the writer. In both scenarios, the person receiving the message will disappear from the writer's map to avoid further communication. The application will also only show people in the immediate vicinity, as our idea for the application is simple conversation with those around you. Unfortunately, we realise that the application could be used for tracking, so each user will have access to people with whom they can talk at any time. We will also guarantee active administration, which will regularly delete the accounts of people who do not use the application in accordance with its idea. We believe that our innovative project will allow people who are withdrawn, shy, or afraid to communicate with the rest of society and give them the opportunity to talk, which is so difficult for them. The application can be used in thousands of different scenarios and helps society with interpersonal communication, which is unfortunately becoming increasingly rare. 
